Terminology integration (#85)
simplifhir/simplifier-docs: vonk/features/terminologyintegration.rst

.. _feature_terminologyintegration:

External terminology services
=============================

> .. warning:: The TerminologyIntegration plugin does not work together with the Vonk Terminology plugin. 

Reviewer: I would like the warning to come after the list of external services, so we focus on what is possible first.

To be able to use more elaborate terminology support, 
we provide the option to integrate external FHIR terminology services with Vonk. 

Vonk can redirect the following terminology operations to external services:

> * $validate-code

Reviewer: Add a newline here to make the bullet list format correctly

* $expand
* $lookup
* $translate
* $subsumes

> To enable the TerminologyIntegration it needs to be added to the PipelineOptions in the appsettings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to add the plugin to the PipelineOptions in appsettings in order to make use of the ``TerminologyIntegration`` plugin.
```

.. note::

> Adding Vonk.Plugins.TerminologyIntegration means you cannot use Vonk.Plugins.Terminology. Vonk will log a warning if you have both plugins included in the appsettings. 

Reviewer: Indent this line to show it as note, and put the note below the appsettings example.

.. code-block:: JavaScript

> "PipelineOptions": {

Reviewer: Indent this line in order to show as codeblock

    "PluginDirectory": "./plugins",
    "Branches": [
      {
        "Path": "/",
        "Include": [
          "Vonk.Core",
          "Vonk.Fhir.R3",
          "Vonk.Fhir.R4",
          //"Vonk.Fhir.R5",
          "Vonk.Repository.Sql.SqlVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.Sqlite.SqliteVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.MongoDb.MongoDbVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.CosmosDb.CosmosDbVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Repository.Memory.MemoryVonkConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Subscriptions",
          "Vonk.Smart",
          "Vonk.UI.Demo",
          "Vonk.Plugin.DocumentOperation.DocumentOperationConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.ConvertOperation.ConvertOperationConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.BinaryWrapper",
          "Vonk.Plugin.MappingToStructureMap.MappingToStructureMapConfiguration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.TransformOperation.TransformOperationConfiguration",    
          "Vonk.Plugin.Audit",          
          "Vonk.Plugins.TerminologyIntegration",
          "Vonk.Plugin.Mapping"          
        ],
        "Exclude": [
          "Vonk.Subscriptions.Administration"
        ]

>       }

Reviewer: Missing a closing } for the PipelineOptions, or perhaps add an "... etc ..." to indicate there can be more paths. People tend to copy the text to their own settings...

Reviewer: Perhaps we also need an example of excluding the normal Vonk Terminology plugin? Or is that not loaded by default? The note above seems to suggest we need to do something with that, but this doesn't really show me what changes were made or need to be made.
If you put the note below these settings, followed by an example of the exclusion, it would be more clear.

Options
-------

You can enable the integration with one or more external terminology services by setting the required options in the appsettings file. 
For each terminology service you can set the following options:

:Name: The name of the terminology service.
:Endpoint: The endpoint url where Vonk can redirect the requests to.
:Username: If the terminology service uses Basic Authentication, you can set the required username here. 

> :Password: If the terminology service uses Basic Authentication, you can set the (reference to the) required password here

Reviewer 2: `(reference to the)` ?

> :Priority: The priority of the terminology service. If multiple Terminology services could be used for a request, Vonk will use the priority to select a service. Terminology services are arranged in a descending order. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:Priority: The priority of the terminology service. If multiple Terminology services could be used for a request, Vonk will use the priority to select a service. Terminology services are arranged in a descending order: so 1 is first priority, 2 is next in priority and so on.
```

Better to keep it simple for non-native English speakers

> :PreferredSystem: If a request is directed at a specific system, Vonk will choose this terminology server over other available services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:PreferredSystem: If a request is directed at a specific code system, Vonk will choose this terminology server over other available services
```

:SupportedInteractions: The operations supported by the terminology service. Vonk will only select this service if the operation is in this list. 

> :SupportedResources:

Reviewer: There's no explanation here?

> The Terminology section in the appsettings can look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sample Terminology section in appsettings can look like this:
```

.. code-block:: JavaScript

> "Terminology": {

Reviewer: Add a newline above, and indent this line to show as code block
